and if you kill me , I survive that
Not
the following show is not for
suitable for spectators and are you happy
I've known you for a long time
why I am a very peaceful
human and there are no witnesses to that
contrary claim
how many people have you killed already?
Master, what are you going to bring me?
under water
what is it I'll kill you episode 3
really around
how are you both that was
but let me grow it today
I think I have to puke
No , I still have my hand
Wrapped and had a hello
I had to tell something or have to
stay with us two okay, I know
what you say what my game did not think
easily a leader for your enemy
not beautiful but nothing for tomorrow
yes that I'm still great
year old bastard optimally that's me
embarrassingly fast change the topic yes
my last performance of my birth came as
I really big out, well that was now
really pretty inappropriate yes it is
pretty stinky here but actually
So I think so well personally
Now I would like to stop the topic
I just wanted to change
Help a knee-op and you're the same
180 again and that's what's supposed to do
By the way, a left eye sees
shit off that's one too
Artificial eye which material
glass yes, I thought he must go through times
I have heard that one
Side job accepted as what are you working on
I bring zombies and there are no zombies
and you've got each with a
puny life seen a combo no
like to happen godlike you could
Never kill zombies you are one
clumsy I'm still a dumb
Oh yes, and then what the last week
[Music]
that was an exception too and what is
with yesterday as a bicycle were
[Music]
Yes, I'll go in again
beautiful meeting if you help them
the politics are all and these are
we
I have a strong headache in one
vacuum can not I feel finds
really shit that the princess
now it just disappeared
I can not bring it
I think I feel that right in the
next room is in the driving school or
No, but I'm a medium feel that
undergone
but we were still there now
megalomaniac you should rather
go to a therapist
I would not have to do that too
like shit but I want you
do not live to develop into life she was
In any case, no desire felt
that something does not know why too
We do not rather help than over it
not a bad idea to talk about
[Music]
But I did it and I did
boring jump out the window
[Music]
did you kobe ​​was not when talking
and nothing can stop me